# Writting-Assignment-6
6. What might get in the way of your success? 

<p>One of the challenges that I might face is doing everything online with no interaction with the people I will be working with especially if I'm new to the programs and systems. Doing everything online is very new. When I look back at school it did not prepare me for this although, I can adjust to my surroundings and thus far I think I am doing pretty well for a beginner. I intend to keep it moving and keep it flowing.</p>

<p>The technical field is always advancing, whether it is coming up with new programs, systems, or technology and I need to be a part of the working class that can keep up. How do I plan on keeping up? Due to the wonders of the internet, it is a cool learning source and I believe that everything I need to know will be on platforms such as YouTube, Wikipedia, and google.</P>

<p>I work a lot better in groups or with people which could play a factor although I don’t have to work daily with my team or a group of people. Meeting once a week or every two weeks could help with keeping up and helping each other when the work becomes a bit challenging I can keep up and be accountable for my work, but as I mentioned working with people could help whether it is to meet at a coffee shop or a friends place to get the work done. </P>

<p>Judging from past experiences I am overly critical on myself. I constantly try to push myself to be the best version of myself, which could be seen as a strength or a weakness. I believe pushing myself or overcoming certain challenges would require problem-solving, I can confidently say that I can handle myself well in a moment of crisis which will serve me well if I had to find myself in situations that could affect my achievements. My father would always remind me of delayed gratification which is to prioritize certain things in life, to conclude my essay at this moment the Umuzi Learnership is my priority and I am willing to put certain things on hold and overcome any challenges that will get in the way of my leadership. </P>
